Hello?
Hello.
Uh. yes?
Who is this?
Who are you calling?
Who am I speaking to?
Wrong number.
Who was that?
Oh. nobody.
Did you pick a movie?
Yeah. We're gonna go scary.
Saw IV.
Ugh. I saw that in theatres. It sucks.
It's not scary. it's gross.
I hate all that torture porn shit.
How do you really feel?
Well. I like Jigsaw.
I think he kills people very creatively.
But you don't give a shit who dies
'cause there's no character development.
There's just body parts ripping
and blood spewing. Blah.
Who do you keep texting?
I have a Facebook stalker.
He keeps leaving me messages.
Yeah. like what?
Just stuff.
Like. “Hey. what's up?
You're hot. I wanna kill you.”
So delete him.
I did. but he hacked his way back in.
So report him.
He's really hot. though.
You wanna see?
That's Channing Tatum.
It is not. Is it?
Yeah. from his Abercrombie days.
You are being punked.
- Hello?
- Who is this?
The more impatient version of
the person you just spoke to.
I'm sorry. You don't
have to be a bitch about it.
No. of course I don't. Eat me.
You hang up on me and I'll cut through
your neck until I feel bone!
Who is it?
It's for you.
Hello?
Who's this?
It's Trudie. Who's this?
This is the last person
you're ever gonna see alive.
It's a prank. Hang up.
Why'd you hand the phone to me?
You're the one with the stalker.
Are the doors locked?
Don't freak out.
Let it ring.
It's from stalker boy.
He said. “Answer the phone.”
For God's sake.
It's a joke. Trudie.
It's probably Lexi or Karen.
Where are you going?
To make sure the front door is locked.
No. Don't open it.
You're overreacting.
It's a joke. Trudie. OK?
Somebody made a dummy profile.
They're just trying to scare you.
Wait. Who is it?
I said. who is it?
Let's call the cops.
“I dare you to open the door.”
No. Sherrie. Don't.
No. don't. I'm scared.
Hey. it could be anyone that we know.
Lisa. Bailey. Wayne — or the hopeful
long shot. Channing Tatum.
There's nobody out here.
What does it say?
It says. “I'm not outside.
I'm right beside you.”
Trudie! Tru...
Oh. my God!
Fucking kidding me.
What?
That was so fucking stupid.
Pure horseshit. The death of horror
right here in front of us.
I jumped. It scared me.
A fucking Facebook killer?
You're kidding me. right?
I guess now it would be Twitter.
That'd make more sense.
A bunch of articulate teens sit around
and deconstruct horror movies
until Ghostface kills them one by one?
It's been done to death. the whole
self-aware. postmodern. meta shit.
Stick a fork in 1996 already.
I like the 'Stab' movies.
They're scarier.
It's not aliens or zombies
or little Asian ghost girls.
There's something real
about a guy with a knife who just...
...snaps.
It could really happen.
I can't do it.
These sequels don't know when to stop.
They just keep recycling the same shit.
Even the opening scene —
there's always some random girl
who gets a call that undoubtedly
ends up getting her killed.
It's all so predictable.
There's no element of surprise.
You can see everything coming.
Did that surprise you?
It's your own fault.
Why?
Because you talk too much.
Now shut the fuck up
and watch the movie.
Oh. my God. I love it. I've seen it five times
and it still gets me every time.
You're kidding. I don't get it.
OK. It's like 'The Twilight Zone"...
'“Twilight Zone'?
A movie within a movie.
I get that. But it's illogical.
It begs the question that if
the beginning of 'Stab 7' is 'Stab 6.
then is the beginning of 'Stab &'
'Stab 57?
And if so. what is 'Stab 4' about?
You're overthinking it.
Am I? Or did whoever made it
just under think it?
There's a reason
I don't watch these movies.
I can't believe you haven't seen them.
We live in Woodsboro.
That has nothing to do with Woodsboro.
I thought you said 'Stab'
was based on true stories.
The first three — the original trilogy —
is based off of Sidney Prescott.
But then she threatened to sue them
if they used her story.
so then they just started making stuff up.
'Stab 5' has time travel.
which is by far the worst.
Don't we hear enough
about this story every year?
At least Woodsboro's
known for something.
Did you hear that?
Uh... no. I didn't hear anything.
I did.
Jenny. don't try to scare me.
I'm not trying to scare you.
You do it all the time.
No. I don't.
Where are you going?
I told you — I heard something.
I know you're trying to scare me.
I'm not.
What is it?
I must have left
a window in my room open.
Could you get that?
Marnie?
Yeah.
Hello?
Hello. Who is this?
Marnie. Who's this?
This is the last person
you're ever gonna see alive.
What?
I'm sorry.
I had to.
You bitch!
So not funny.
Somebody falls for it every year.
I don't see why you get off on this...
Marnie?
Good one. Marnie.
Lights out. phone on the floor.
You know. you really should
direct horror films...
...wherever you are.
Let me guess...
you want me to walk by an open door
frame so you can pop out. huh?
OK. timing — timing is perfect.
But you don't have
the app on your phone.
so you can't talk
like Ghostface. can you?
Yes. I can.
Who is this?
Not an app.
Is this Trevor?
Do I sound like a Trevor to you?
Think of me as your director.
You're in my movie. You've got
a fun part. so don't blow it.
What movie?
Same one Marnie's in.
only her part got cut way back.
But you — you're the dumb blonde
with the big tits.
We'll have some fun with you
before you die.
I have a 4.0 GPA and 1351Q. asshole.
What did you do with Marnie?
She's on the cutting-room floor.
That's not funny.
This isn't a comedy. It's a horror film.
People live. people die.
And you'd better start running.
Marnie?
J Working for another hour tonight
♪ Staring at the wall
and let the time just pass me by
♪ You might think you know me
but it's all just a face
♪ Trying to ignore when people screaming
my name
J When something's right.
then something is worth to die for
J When I feel that something is wrong.
then something is worth to fight for
J Don't say goodbye
♪ Just leave an open door
J I wanna hear you say
J You give me something to die for... J
What do you think?
Well. I guess today is the anniversary.
Kids.
No. I meant the display.
Oh!
It's good!
I told the owner I'd kill his cat
if he didn't get it right.
Nice!
Ho! Whoa. whoa. whoa!
25. stay alive!
Shit! Sorry. Sheriff!
Kirby.
Phew!
Hey. before you get in the car.
you have to promise not to kill me.
Why? What did you do?
Trevor called me last night.
Why is he calling you?
Because you won't take his calls.
he knows I have your ear.
and he wants to know.
Know what?
How upset you are.
Can we just not talk about this. please?
Fine.
OK. so Trevor called me last night.
He called you too?
He's worried your cousin
coming to Woodsboro
is distracting you from knowing
how sorry he really is.
Well. that's inventive.
Oh. God!
Problem with Trevor is he never quits.
By the way. have you seen
the Grim Reaper? Angel of Death?
What are you talking about?
Your cousin.
Sidney.
Last stop on her book tour.
first stop on her road to a new life.
It's very dramatic.
She's the reason why
I love horror movies.
I"m sure she'd love to hear that.
if I knew her — which I don't. really.
Wherever she went. people died.
Other people.
It was never her.
I mean. 'Stab' is the wrong franchise
for her. It should be 'Final Destination'.
OK. why is Jenny Randall calling me?
Ooh. the other woman.
- Hello?
- Hello. Jill.
I can't stand Jenn...
Shh!
Jenny. is this you?
What's your favourite scary movie?
OK. who is this?
What does she want?
I said. “Who is this?”
I asked you a question.
What's your favourite scary movie?
I'm hanging up.
Wow. That was original.
I got a call like that this morning
from Marnie the Carny.
What?
Watch out!
Nice move. asshole!
You just ran a stop sign.
Sorry.
Angel of Death!
The mayor wants these down
before lunch.
Only 25 more to go.
Morning. Sheriff.
Morning. Deputy. Joe.
Looks like the celebration's begun.
High school kids. probably.
Yeah. One generation's tragedy
is the next one's joke.
Sorry you can never get away from this.
You know. I wish I'd been old enough
to be a part of the force
when you were solving those crimes.
Why's that?
It's those intense investigations
that really bond relationships.
Uh. yeah.
How is Gale. by the way?
Gale's good. She's writing.
Fiction.
Or trying.
Hey. I made some lemon squares.
They're in my car.
Oh. thanks. Deputy. but no. thanks.
Sheriff! You're not cheating on your wife
if you eat my lemon square.
Yeah. but I would be
cheating on my diet.
Sheriff Riley!
Come in. Sheriff Riley.
This is Sheriff Riley. Go ahead.
You gotta get over to
the Randall house right away.
It's bad. Sheriff. Real bad.
The book is 'Out of Darkness'.
and its author. Sidney Prescott.
is here with us today.
Have the seven 'Stab' movies. all based
on Gale Weathers's books about you.
made it even harder to go on?
I don't blame Gale. That's in the past.
No. if I was a victim for too long.
it was up to me to reinvent myself.
That's why I wrote this book.
Sidney Prescott. everybody. And rave reviews
for her book. 'Out of Darkness'.
Alright. Gale. Let's do it.
Let's reinvent myself.
Except...
“I.. Have... no fucking idea
what to.. Write”
Is that new?
That's the 2.0 upgrade version.
I'm totally mobile. man.
Nice! Look.
Oh! This is 'Hall Pass'
with Robbie Mercer.
here with the luscious Olivia
“'Don't look at my tits. I have a mind” Morris.
Here is my Woodsboro Massacre
anniversary question.
What is your favourite scary movie?
Is that all you got?
Some stupid douche question?
Yeah. where'd you hear that. anyways?
It's a line from 'Stab 1'. duh.
Hey. Charlie.
You're a genre nut. Kirby.
What's your favourite scary movie?
'Bambi'.
Mm-hm.
Dork.
What?
That's funny. Kirby!
Completely unaware you exist.
No. man. she wants me.
Yeah. I wish. right. asshole?
I think Charlie likes you.
And I like him — to tease. to torment.
to make him squirm.
You could do a lot worse. trust me.
Oh!
Hi. Trevor. 'Bye. Trevor.
Can we talk?
Somebody cares about you
over here. you know!
Someone who made you
really happy once.
Someone who never
should have let you go.
When you're done with a phone call.
you let someone go
or when you take someone
to the airport. you let them go.
But when you tell someone you love her
and she gives you everything.
and then you just go out
with someone else.
that is not 'letting her go'.
that"s dumping her. OK?
That's... that's betrayal.
Trevor Sheldon. denied.
live on 'Hall Pass' with Robbie Mercer.
What is your favourite
scary movie. man?
I'll show you.
And I began to believe myself
that that was all I was — a victim.
And that was unacceptable to me.
So I sat down
and began to write a new role
that would be my own...
a role for a woman who could
leave the walls of fear behind
and step out into the sunlight...
out of darkness.
Thank you.
OK! We're gonna
start the book signing in a sec.
so buy your copies while they last!
I'm looking at you. ladies!
'New York Times' bestseller.
Rave reviews.
Gale.
I'm glad you came.
Congratulations. Sidney. I haven't
had a chance to read it yet. but...
I know where you can get one.
Dewey! Hey!
Hey. Sid. Gale. you made it.
What are you doing here?
Sid. I'm sorry. I gotta do something.
I'm really sorry. Excuse me!
This will only take a minute.
I need you all to stay where you are
and remain silent.
Nobody leaves yet.
The sheriff thanks you.
Can this wait. Barney Fife?
I'm running an event here!
Ma'am. this is a police event now.
What's going on?
Gale. this is police business.
If you could just let us handle this.
I'm talking to my husband. Deputy Judy.
Listen. there's a phone we believe
may have been taken
from the scene of a crime.
Deputy Hicks has traced its location back
to these coordinates.
The rest is need-to-know.
< I'm not need-to-know??
Boss. I'm hearing something.
Sheriff. it's ringing out here!
There.
It's coming from the trunk.
Dewey.
Gonna need everyone to stay back.
Not now. Sid.
It's my rental.
Damn!
OK. it's now an official crime scene.
Let's lock it down.
Get that camera out of here!
Everybody back.
Please tell me this is a prank. Dewey.
I'm afraid not. Sid.
Come on.
Henry. you're not gonna believe
what just happened.
Stand back. Gale. Gale!
I just wanna see.
Cover up your kid's eyes!
OK. essays are due Tuesday.
Why Woodsboro is the best...
Anything with an on/off switch
should be off — that's the rule.
Somebody wanna share?
Jenny Randall and Marnie Cooper
were murdered last night.
- What?
- Jenny and Marnie?
What?
Stabbed to death.
- What's your favourite scary mo...
- Shut up!
- Yo. it's a news van!
- Class is not over.
That was fast.
This week marks the anniversary
of the infamous Woodsboro Murders.
Two girls killed the exact day
local celebrity victim Sidney Prescott
chose to return to her home town.
It could all be something right out of
a Gale Weathers bestseller.
And where is she now?
Well. living right here in Woodsboro...
Mrs Riley...
Hoss.
First lady!
Perkins!
Excuse me. Gale.
He's conducting an interview.
Great! I love interviews.
You have to wait. Gale. sorry.
I can't let you in there.
What are you gonna do.
arrest me. Deputy Judy?
If it comes to it.
Civilian interference
with a police investigation
poses many a problem
in a court of law.
OK. listen to me. Judy.
I don't mind that you're
working with my husband
or that you even bake him
those little treats. as you do.
But if you're gonna start acting like him.
you gotta put a moustache on.
"cause you sound ridiculous.
Gale!
Judy!
Deputy. Gale.
Please.
Sidney. if you don't mind
giving us a minute.
Sid.
Hi. Gale.
Dewey. would you please
explain to Betty Crocker
that I have every right to be here?
If there"s been another murder
in Woodsboro. obvious...
What?
That is not public information!
It is all over the internet. Dewey!
It is?
Yes!
The whole world knows
about it — before me!
She wants to be a part of
the investigation. Sheriff.
OK. Hang on. Um...
Are you familiar with the phrase
“ wrote the book on this”?
Gale. with all due respect.
I don't see how that pertains...
Because I wrote the book on this!
'The Woodsboro Murders'
by Gale Weathers?
But you're not a reporter any more. Gale.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
And even if you were...
Don't treat me like I'm the media.
I helped solve these things —
three times. remember?
You and me. together.
But I'm the sheriff now. Gale.
Right.
What. you're not gonna
let me help you with this?
I can't.
Alright. Then I'm going rogue.
This is what I'm good at. Dewey.
This is what I know how to do.
Your lemon squares taste like ass.
They don't.
They really don't.
Thank you. sir.
Veat? Sheriff!
We got a couple of
high school kids in here.
Two of them. they say they got
threatening phone calls this morning
from the victims' phones.
Names are Olivia Morris
and Jill Roberts.
That's Sid's cousin.
Damn.
Right in here. Sheriff.
Hey. Jill.
Sidney!
Hi.
It's nice to see you.
even under the circumstances.
You OK?
Yeah.
So. two of you got phone calls?
Yeah. us two.
“What's your favourite scary movie?”
It was the killer's voice — from 'Stab'.
Or. I mean. you know. from your life.
I'm Kirby. by the way. I'm their friend.
And the killer didn't call you?
No.
Is... is that a bad thing?
Does that mean that I'm not gonna live
as long as these two?
No.
Maybe.
Of course not.
Just... just be careful.
Oh. my God! Did you hear that?
I'm gonna be next!
Dewey. I shouldn't be here.
I should leave town.
I'm afraid that's not
really possible. Sidney.
Look. nobody thinks you're involved.
but...“everyone's a suspect”.
I'm sorry.
And there was evidence in your car
connecting the killer to you.
You may be a material witness.
So. look. you'll have
24-hour police protection.
That's comforting.
This is Rebecca.
Oh. my fucking God! Henry!
Yes. it's true!
Two girls. butchered!
Pay day!
I was so not feeling Woodsboro.
I was. like. “Lame PR move.” right?
Well. fuck me. wow!
Best idea ever.
Henry. I'll call you back.
Excuse me...I have to geek out.
I didn't get a chance
to say something earlier.
but it's such an honour to meet you.
Oh. thank you.
Rebecca Walters.
When I was a kid. it was all about
'Top Story with Gale Weathers'.
You were my '90s!
Well. it's Gale Riley now.
You gave it all up for love! I know that.
How long have
you and Dewey been married?
10 years.
Oh! Just like your characters in 'Stab 3!
Woul Wow!
Oh! I didn't mean bad wow.
It just... always seemed like more of
a movie romance than a real one.
because it was a movie. and in real life.
you two would never be...
Ooohh... Dug a hole!
Climbing out... here.
So. anyway. kudos on being brave
enough to drop off the professional map.
Any plans on revitalising
your tarnished brand?
Listen. in about two seconds.
I'm gonna revitalise your face
with my tarnished brand.
I've still got it.
Hmm! Testy.
She's so pretty.
When you think about
what she survived.
she must have scars everywhere.
Shh! Come on.
Her mom was my sister.
I have scars too.
No-one ever asks me about my scars.
I'm sorry. Mrs Roberts.
She means knife scars. Mom.
Oh. Well.. Fine.
How are you?
How's Gale?
I'm alright.
Gale... it's been hard on her.
Small town... small-town husband.
Not much to write about.
You two OK?
Well. I read somewhere once
“'Just when you think things
can't get any worse.
“sometimes they don't.
“Sometimes they get better.”
'Out of Darkness' by Sidney Prescott.
page 220.
I've gotta get going.
It's nice to see you. Dewey.
We've been through a lot together.
And we'll get through this too. OK?
Lock up.
Mm-hm.
Hey. Be cool! It's OK. it's just me.
Relax. relax. It's just me.
What the hell are you doing here?
There are cops right out front!
No match for the ninja. baby.
Anyway. what are you doing
in the house with Sidney Prescott?
That's like being on “Top Chef
with Jeffrey Dahmer.
Look. can you please
get away from the window?
You've no right to be in here.
Not any more.
Hang on. I heard you got
a phone call from the killer.
Is that true?
What do you care?
Don't you think you'd be
a lot safer with me around?
I don't trust you. Trevor.
Hey...
Then I'm just gonna have to
make sure that you do.
Alright?
Oh. sorry. I didn't...
No. he's just leaving. It's my ex.
Oh.
Yeah. Her one and only.
Hi.
It's cool to meet you. officially.
I keep meaning to pick up
a copy of your book. but...
You're smaller in person.
What?
Nothing. You just. uh...
You remind me of. uh... me.
Lock your window. OK?
Yeah. Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Sorry about that.
Just making my rounds
before taking off.
Great. Thanks.
You don't remember me. do ya?
Sorry?
We went to high school together.
Judy Hicks.
We had the same home room.
and drama club too.
We were in 'Peter Pan' together.
I played a Lost Boy.
You were... Tiger Lily.
I'm sorry. That was a long time ago.
It's OK. Um...
You had... a lot of stuff
going on back then.
Well. it's nice to see you again. Judy.
You too.
Everything OK upstairs?
You're supposed to be
out front. Perkins.
What's a four-letter word for 'courage'?
Uh...'guts'.
That's Olivia Morris. She lives next door.
She's on the list.
Yeah.
She can live next door to me!
No. seriously. er... Mary.
I'm warning you. OK?
I'm gonna have to get physical.
I mean it.
This is it! Just fuck off!
Hello?
What are you guys up to?
Oh. we're watching 'Shaun of the Dead'.
You know there are two zombies
sitting outside the house in a car?
Yeah. they're cops.
You wanna come up?
Did the Angel of Death leave?
Nah. she's in the guest room.
Forget it. Next door's close enough.
Your mom home?
She's at her boyfriend's.
It's creepy around here tonight.
Well. the zombies are still in their car.
so you should be alright.
Call me tomorrow. OK?
OK.
She didn't wanna come up?
She fears the reaper.
Watch this.
Speaking.
What's your favourite
scary movie. Olivia?
That was the worst imitation
I've ever heard. Jill.
Speaking of 'Stab'. you hear
where the Stab-a-thon's gonna be yet?
No. It doesn't matter to me anyways.
My mom doesn't let me go.
It's Trevor. I'll handle this.
Trevor's calling.
Again.
What do you want?
I wanna talk to Jill.
Uh. no. it's Kirby. Sorry. Trevor.
Jill is screening her calls
from all past relationships.
What's going on over there?
Hang on a sec. What is he saying?
I'm not Trevor.
What?
I can barely hear you. Trevor.
This isn't Trevor.
Oh. Oh. alright. Well. then why do you
have his phone. whoever this is?
He's trying
to do Ghostface!
He's being weird.
I wanna talk to Jill.
OK. well. she doesn't wanna talk to you.
Come on. Mr Ghostface. Whisper to me.
Aren't you supposed to
ask me a question?
Alright.
How's the movie?
What movie?
'Shaun of the Dead'.
How did you know that?
Because I'm standing in the closet.
Stop. You are not.
What's going on?
Trevor's being weird.
I mean. if it is him. I don't know.
What?
This is not fucking Trevor!
Well. then who the fuck are you?
Open the closet door.
You do know there are cops
all over this house.
I think I'd have just enough time
to slice someone open!
I'll talk to him.
Shh.
What's going on over there. you guys?
Sorry. I don't know.
Kirby...
Shh!
- Kirby...
- Come on. Do it!
There is no way you're in there.
See for yourself!
Kirby...
Kirby. come on. Talk to me.
This isn't funny!
Kirby!
Liar. I'm over this.
I never said I was in your closet.
Oh. my God!
Olivia!
Stop!
No! Help!
No! Don't!
- Hoss!
- Somebody help!
Perkins!
Shit!
- What?
- Welcome home. Sidney.
Preview of coming events.
Why don't you come for me?
You got the balls for that?
Oh. poor Sidney. You think this is all
about you. You think you're still the star.
This isn't a fucking movie!
It will be.
These are innocent people.
Spare me the lecture!
You've done very well by
all this bloodshed. haven't you?
Well. how about the town you left behind?
I've got plans for you.
I"m gonna slit your eyelids in half so you
don't blink when I stab you in the face.
You'll die when I want you to. Sidney.
not a moment before.
Until then. you're going to suffer.
Sidney?
Jill?
Stay right there!
Is she...
Do not look. OK?
She said you were the angel of death.
Look out!
What's going on in here?
He's in here.
Where is he?
Ma'am?
He was.
We'll go check out back.
Jill?
Don't.
What happened?
Oh. my God. Jill!
Jesus! Hey. I'm here.
Hey. baby. I'm here.
Come on. let's go.
Let's go. Let's get through it. alright?
Jill?
Oh. my God!
Are you OK? Keep pressure on it.
There's nobody back there.
- Hoss. call it in.
- Right.
Hey... are you OK?
You should look upstairs.
The kids are over there.
Over by that tree.
It's all your fault. Sidney!
You're just like your mother!
Hoss. clear these people out.
- I thought this was over!
- Come on. Leave her alone.
I'm sorry about what I said.
Do you wanna go get that looked at?
Yeah.
What the hell happened?
OK. I saw him go into that yard.
two houses down. right before.
And I circled around to cut him off.
And?
And I met Hoss coming
from the other direction.
He must have circled back around
somehow. He's like a ghost.
Chief. we're sorry.
I feel terrible.
Alright.
Get outta here.
This is 'Hall Pass' with Robbie Mercer.
webcasting live in our darkest hour.
What began as a day of remembrance
has ended with serial murder.
Olivia Morris. who officially
will never go out with me. is dead.
So is Jenny Randall and Marnie Cooper.
Our local legacy. the 'Stab' movies.
is coming to life.
Excuse me. Are you
recording with that thing?
Live video blog upload.
He's webcasting right now.
Ah. Mind turning it off
for a little old school off-the-record?
Can't. Owe it to my audience.
Turn that fucking thing off.
OK.
So. you two are the boys that run
the movie club at Woodsboro High. huh?
Charlie runs it. I'm just VP
in case he takes a bullet.
It's called Cinema Club.
So you must have a very unique insight
into the movie buffs at your school.
Maybe.
What if we could catch the killer
by working together?
Two generations
of cutting-edge journalists
intertwining our passions for media.
What would you say?
I love you.
Very good.
Now. you give me your expertise on
the gore geek scene at Woodsboro High
and maybe I give you
something in return...
say a celebrity visit
to your Cinema Club
by me?
What about Sidney?
Yeah. you know her. right?
I mean. you're friends with her.
No of fence. but that'd be
a big deal for Cinema Club.
A visit from Sidney Prescott?
I mean. she's the star!
Ohh!
Yeah. she's Daniel Radcliffe
to my J.K. Rowling.
Well. without the book sales
and the box office.
Whatever.
There's no broken bones.
I think you'll be fine. Take it easy.
You're lucky. Sidney.
So. Sidney... Ooh! Ow.
Anyway. long story short. Random wants
to lock you into three more books now.
See the blank line in your contract?
You can name your price.
And as soon as you're clear
in this investigation.
we're on the next plane to New York.
I've booked 'Today'. 'The View'.
'Nancy Grace'. 'MTV News'...
Excuse me — can I ask you a question?
Mmm!
Did you read my book?
Thought I'd wait for the movie.
Book tour's over.
Sidney!
Accept your situation.
You're a victim for life.
So embrace it. Use it.
I know you care about your readers —
all those little downtrodden fucks
that just need a light at the end of their tunnel
so they don't jump off a bridge.
And a lucky break like this. I'm talking
100% increase in sales minimum.
That's maybe a million more people
get your message.
and you get a ton more cheques.
Win-win.
I won"t be
needing you any more.
Sidney!
You're fired.
Fired?
Fired.
Fine.
“Have you even read
my book. Rebecca?”
The problem with Sidney
is that she never gets laid.
or even a little shit-faced
once in a while.
She'll call me tonight and apologise.
Just watch.
She'll come around.
Gotta just give her time.
Sidney will come... a... round.
Where did I...
Ah.
This is Rebecca.
Sidney Prescott. please.
I"m handling Miss Prescott's calls and
appearances. May I take a message?
You are the message.
Are you writing this down?
Yes. I am.
It's kind of hard to hear you.
I"m in the hospital with Sidney.
If you could just
hang on one second...
I've got time.
It's you that doesn't.
Shit.
You know. Rebecca. it doesn't sound
to me like you're in the hospital.
It sounds like you're
in a parking garage.
a dark and deserted parking garage.
But if you want
to be in the hospital.
I'd be happy to put you here.
in the fucking morgue!
Ohh! Shit.
No.
Help!
Hey! Help me!
Hey!
Cut and run. you fucking bastard.
O
This is an ongoing investigation.
but rest assured.
we're pursuing a number of leads.
The less I say about that.
the better.
So I am taking questions.
Sheriff! Sheriff!
Dewey!
Gale?
Any comment on the fact
that these killings
seem to resemble the pattern
of the original Woodsboro murders?
Hon. later.
What?
What was that. Sheriff?
As I was saying.
my officers are hard at work.
We just want the community to know
that we are very close to bringing
this whole situation under control.
Arggh!
Oh. shit!
Alright. get up to the top
of this structure. Go. go!
- Everyone. back! Stay back.
- Alright. nobody move!
I want a man on each stairwell.
- Do you see anybody?
- Nobody up here.
There's nobody up there. Sheriff!
It's all under control.
huh. Sheriff?
Well. what am I supposed to say?
Listen. I may not
be wearing a uniform.
but I happen to have a lead
and you don't.
So let me know when
you're back on Team Gale.
Move it. amateurs!
And remember. students.
tonight's town curfew is 9 o'clock.
You should be home with
your doors locked at 9 o'clock.
OK. Cinema Club.
we are now in session. Welcome.
I'll tell you a little bit
about ourselves.
We are a sanctioned
after-school activity
one rung below the glee club.
two above Nintendo Wii Fit.
And let me just say to our guest.
Sidney Prescott. it's a honour.
Beyond Jamie Lee Curtis.
Forget Linda Blair.
I mean. this is the ultimate.
Thanks. I guess.
Um. this — you film your entire
high school experience
and. what. post it on the Net?
Everybody will be
doing it some day. Sid.
It's kind of the one component
the killer is missing.
Wait. What do you mean?
Well. if you want to be
the new new version.
the killer should be filming
the murders.
Yeah. it's like the natural next step
in psycho slasher innovation.
I mean. you film them all real-time
and then before you get caught.
upload them into cyberspace.
Making your art as immortal as you.
Not to implicate him.
Not to implicate me.
So who do you think
is behind the murders?
Well. it's a 'Stab'
fanatic. clearly.
working on less of a Shriek-quel
and more of a Scream-make.
Copyrighted terms. by the way.
All there
are now are remakes...
the only horror
the studios green-light.
Psst!
I mean. there are still rules.
But the rules have changed.
The unexpected is the new cliché.
Yeah. you gotta have an opening
sequence that blows the doors off.
dial up some flashy
music video direction
and the kill's gotta be
way more extreme.
Modern audiences get savvy
to the rules of the originals.
so the reversal's
become the new standard.
In fact. the only sure-fire way
to survive a modern horror movie.
you pretty much have to be gay.
So why are you so sure
that the killer's working
by the rules of a horror remake?
Well. the original 'Stab' structure
Is pretty apparent.
Yeah. two kids killed in a house
when their parents are away?
And then the school's 'hot chick'
Is savaged beyond recognition?
We all know where
it goes from there.
A party.
Exactly. a party.
Guaranteed third act
main cast bloodbath.
Fingers crossed on some nudity
for a change.
OK. so do you know of a party
that's happening tonight?
Well. there's Stab-a-thon.
Stab-a-thon?
It's a movie marathon.
all seven 'Stab's back-to-back.
We do it every year.
And it's tonight?
There's a killer out there
patterning his murders
after the original movie.
I know. It's pretty wild.
Well. you have to call it off.
Um. OK. I mean. it's Friday.
I"m sure we're not the only party
that's going on in Woodsboro.
OK. where is this circle-jerk
gonna take place?
So who's ready for this Q&A?
No. no. I really want the location.
You know. it's kind of
an underground thing.
email invites. pretty secret.
What?
You're not gonna tell me?
Really?
We're working together. remember?
So you ready for that Q&A?
Fuck you. Let's go.
That was awesome.
Huh. I feel like
I'm under house arrest.
You know when people say.
“I know how you feel”
but you know
they're just saying that
because they really have
no fricking idea how you feel?
I know how you feel.
I... am so sorry about Olivia.
I'm sorry about your publicist.
How do you handle it?
People staring at you all the time?
People stare at me?
I could never handle
that kind of attention.
I just feel like it would
take over your whole life.
Um...
.whatldois I try
not to think about me.
I have people I care about.
I focus on them.
And the rest. it. um... it works out.
You saved my life last night.
I mean. I know we're family.
but you hardly know me.
It makes me wonder. you know.
if I would have been
brave enough to do the same thing.
I really hope you never
have to find that out.
Well. if you need me.
you know where to find me.
I'll be up in my cell.
I mean. my room.
Her room's all boarded up.
That's the view from my cell.
It's really weird.
I think Olivia
would understand. OK?
She'd want me to be
around other people.
Holy shit. Even if I did just
crash-land on Planet Dork.
Speaking of which. Trevor's here.
- Hey. Kirby.
- What he is doing there?
That is so not his scene.
I have no idea. Maybe he
thought you would be here.
Yeah. fat chance.
After what happened last night?
I mean. my mom is just completely
freaked out. It's not pretty.
Alright. look.
you go do your good girl thing
and I will drink for the both of us.
I will keep you posted.
Alright. Be safe.
Yeah. check it out!
Hey. Ghostface.
Hey!
Come here and stab me.
Whoa!
Stab-a-thon!
Stab-a-thon! Stab-a-thon!
Thank you. thank you. Gracias.
Shh!
Cinema Club thanks you for coming out
for our third annual Stab-a-thon.
Safety in numbers.
my friends. Safety in numbers.
Who's ready to drink every time
someone can't get a phone signal?
someone shuts the refrigerator door
and — oh. my God - there's
a harmless character behind it?
Whoo-ooh!
Who's ready to drink every time
someone screams the word...
No!
So let's get this
Stab-a-thon started!
- Hey. watch it!
- Out of the way!
Get down in front!
- Move your ass!
- Screw you!
Yes!
Oh. yeah. back on my game. Phew.
Perfect.
New work in progress — chapter one.
When I moved to Woodsboro.
I never in a million years
dreamed that I would again play
the critical role
in solving another series of these...
What the hell?
Gale. where are you?
I followed the kids
to the Stab-a-thon.
There's an old abandoned farm
on Fort Dillon Road.
Listen. I've got it
under surveillance
and I think the killer's
about to make his move.
What makes you so sure?
You do a remake
to outdo the original.
That's what the kids said.
This party is all about
the 'Stab' movies.
Come on! How meta can you get?
How what-a can you get?
I don't know. I heard them say it.
Dewey. listen to me.
You have to get out here.
Come on. You catch the killer.
I get the story — it's a win-win.
Well. I thought you
were going rogue. Gale.
Oh. come...
Are you serious?! Come on!
Forget it.
Thanks for having faith in me.
I gotta fix my equipment.
Gale!
Shit.
Bravo. Very well done.
I'm very impressed.
I mean. kind of impressed.
Not really.
Veat? That'll do.
Yeah. she wants it. right?
Yeah.
Ohh! Boo!
- Hello?
- Hello.
Who is this?
“Were you expecting somebody?”
“No!”
You know. I don't even know you...
“..and I dislike you already.”
Hicks. how far are you
from Fort Dillon Road?
Five minutes at the most. sir.
Well. step on it.
Look out your window.
Gale! Gale. behind you!
Arggh! Oh!
No!
Gale!
Oh!
Freeze!
Arggh!
Oh!
Get out of the way. you morons!
Damn it.
OK. put pressure on that.
Did you catch him?
No.
Hopefully.
your cameras got something.
They weren't the only ones. Dewey.
What?
There was a webcam sitting up there.
It was watching me.
A webcam?
He's recording the murders.
What?
This time he's making the movie.
This Sidney Prescott detail. man.
I don't like it.
The cops guarding the house —
they always get it.
What are you talking about?
It's a movie cop rule.
Sucks to be a cop in a movie
unless you're Bruce Willis.
Not all cops die in movies.
No. but if it's your last day
before retirement. you do.
If you're a rookie. just found out
your wife is pregnant. you do.
Or if your partner's
better looking than you. you do.
And by the way. I win that one.
I win that one.
You know what? I'll take
the next perimeter. I'll be right back.
Shit.
I know this one. You're not
supposed to say that. are you?
Eh. new decade. new rules.
You know. these days
you might come back. find me dead.
eyes gouged out.
tongue sticking out.
It could go either way.
I gotta learn this shit.
Huh. I'll take this one.
Hey. Hoss.
Be careful.
I"m always careful.
Dead man walking.
Perkins. was there a window open
on your last perimeter check?
Perkins. come in. Over.
Anthony.
Perkins?
Arggh!
Whoa! Oh!
Damn it.
You should have seen
the look on your face. rookie.
Arggh!
Hoss! What the fuck?
Oh. shit.
Ohh...
Someone... Oh.
Where are you?
Ohh!
Fuck Bruce Willis.
Sorry!
The wind chimes were over here.
It was me. I was trying
to fix them. Sorry.
I'm just back from the store.
You were shopping?
My stress-buster.
I've got one more bag in the car.
I'll be right back.
Jill. are you gonna get that?
Roberts residence.
You're a survivor.
aren't you. Sidney?
Your one and only skill —
you survive.
I have one question for you.
What good is it to be a survivor
in this little drama
if everyone close to you is dead?
Who are you?
Turn on the TV to channel six.
Who the fuck are you?!
Turn it on. Watch the teaser.
...nearly turned deadly tonight
with the latest victim
of these attacks
being the wife
of the Woodsboro sheriff.
Gale Riley. aka Gale Weathers.
who's in serious condition tonight
after being stabbed.
Her assailant then disappeared
in a sea of identi...
Glad you came home. Sidney?
Has it been worth it yet?
Why are you doing this?
Oh. friends count. but it's
the family ties that cut deep. right?
Am I right?
What do you mean?
The ones you care about the most.
And what's closer than family?
The bond of blood?
Don't.
You can't save them.
All you can do is watch.
Jill!
Come on. come on. come on.
- Kate!
- Sid?
Jill's not in her room.
Oh. my God.
She's gone to Kirby's. You gotta
call her and get her back here.
Come on. Jill.
Leave a message.
She's not picking up.
What's going on?
The killer called. He's coming after me.
but he wants my family first.
Oh. God. Jill.
Let's get the cops.
What? The cops aren't there.
They were when I first came in.
but they're not now.
Let's get to Kirby's.
Out the front.
Brace it from the bottom. Can you?
Oh!
Let's get out of here.
Ohh!
Kate. come on. Kate!
Tell Jill I'm so sorry.
No. no. no. no. Shh.
Oh. God.
Come on. come on.
Kate.
OK.
Hicks. What are you doing?
I just saw somebody coming
round the side of the house.
Where"s Hoss and Perkins?
I couldn't get them on the radio.
Whose blood is that?
It's... it's Kate's.
We were just attacked. She's dead.
Where is she?
The front door.
Show me.
OK.
Stay here.
This is Deputy Hicks. I've got
a homicide at the Roberts residence.
- No sign of Perkins or Hoss.
- Copy that.
We'll try to locate them.
I'm SO sorry.
Hey!
Halt!
You're gonna be fine. alright? I swear.
No more on your own.
It's you and me forever.
One. two. three.
Easy!
Dewey?
Yeah.
Promise me something.
Anything.
Catch that motherfucker.
Absolutely. I love you.
I love you.
You missed chaos. utter chaos.
- I can't believe that.
- The sheriff's wife. man.
She told us to cancel it.
we didn't. and now this?
What are we supposed to do?
Robbie. calm down. It makes sense.
This is what the reboots do.
They one-up the original ending.
'The Woodsboro Murders'
ended at a party. so in the remake...
The party's the false ending.
New rules.
Exactly.
OK. no of fence. guys.
but I'm gonna put in 'Stab 7'.
Nobody cancels my film festival.
Whoa. I don't want to watch that.
not after what happened to Olivia.
Oh. come on. It was her favourite!
Oh. wow. Kirby.
You've got some classics here.
Yep.
'Suspiria'. 'Don't Look Now'.
You know it. I could trivia your ass
under the table. cinema boy.
Oh. yeah? Who played
Leatherface first?
Gunnar Hansen.
Wow. Do you feel that?
That charge we had between us then?
Oh. that was me. I have powers.
So sexy.
You guys are unbelievable.
You're playing fucking trivia games?
The cops are gonna come for us.
They're gonna shut down my website.
We're so dead.
Yeah. I agree.
Jesus Christ.
Where did you come from?
The front door.
By the way. Kirby. with everything that
S going on right now.
you probably shouldn't
leave that unlocked.
Sorry.
And. um. may I ask what the hell
you're doing here?
What? Didn't I find the after-party?
No. you found the anti-party
and it's invitation only.
Yeah. well. I got
an invitation from Jill.
So what's the story?
Uh. what?
You sent me a text message.
“Afterparty at Kirby's house.”
I mean. it was from your phone.
What do you mean “from my phone”?
Where is my phone?
I think I left it in your car.
I didn't text him.
I didn't text you!
And I'll prove it.
So. Charlie. Robbie.
how does it feel to be
accessories to a crime. huh?
I mean. really? Dewey's wife?
My life is over.
So which one of you guys sent me
a text from Jill"s phone. huh?
We're just supposed to accept
that you're telling the truth?
Isn't your phone missing?
Got a new one.
Really?
Oh. that's incredibly convenient.
- Dewey. it's Hicks.
- What's up?
Lo Kate Roberts is dead.
And Sidney fled the scene.
What? What happened to Kate?
She was stabbed.
just like the others.
What about Jill?
No sign of her at all.
Where the hell were Hoss and Perkins?
They were found dead
in their car two blocks away.
multiple stab wounds.
OK. I'm on my way.
Yes. sir.
- Wrong number.
- Who was that?
Oh. nobody. Did you pick a movie?
Mm-hm. yeah.
We're gonna go scary — 'Saw V..
Ugh. I saw that in the theatres.
It sucks. It's not scary.
It's gross.
Ohh...
Charlie. do you want
to sit over here next to me?
Alright.
Alright. get ready for a 'Hall Pass'
with Robbie Mercer extra.
Now. tonight there is a good chance
that Charlie Walker —
yes. my Charlie Walker...
may get lucky with a girl.
Now. I"m unable to divulge
my exact location.
however. suffice it to say.
Woodsboro High may be in store
for some geek history.
We'll see.
Hello?
Who's there?
Oh. my God!
Hey. Charlie?
Yeah.
I'm sorry. I know you're
iNnto the movie and all.
But. uh. now would be
a really good time to make a move.
For me to make a move?
Mm-hm.
Couldn't you make a move?
I just did.
'Cause you're actually pretty cute.
especially when
I'm scared and lonely
and drunk.
Hey. guys. did you see Jill come in?
I didn't see her outside.
Yes. Trevor. she is upstairs.
Thank God you're here to protect her
when you can't even find her.
There's nobody out here.
Oh. dude. I love
this part of the movie.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
just when you think
they're all safe
and comfortable in the house.
Ghostface comes in and bam!
Did I just interrupt
something right here?
Shut the fuck up.
Huh!
Who invited you. Trevor?!
Alright. clearly not you. Wow.
I'm gonna be upstairs.
That's... Whoo.
Get out of my house!
Yeah. yeah.
OK. I'm a little drunk.
so don't blame
your internet connection.
Let's see where Charlie's up to.
shall we?
Or the saga of Trevor and Jill.
Oh. the intrigue of Woodsboro High.
Who needs a killer around
when there's so much drama?
Oh. man.
That's better.
Arggh!
Ohh. ohh!
Wait. No. You can't. you can't.
There's rules.
I... I'm gay. I'm gay.
If it helps.
Ohh!
It's all so predictable.
There's no element of surprise.
You can see every...
Kirby! I found my phone.
It was up in your room.
There was no text message
sent to Trevor. He is such a liar.
Where is he?
What do you mean. “Where is he”?
He just went upstairs
looking for you.
He's not upstairs.
Trevor?
Charlie? Robbie?
Maybe they're outside.
Jill?
Sidney. I'm sorry. I should have
told you and Mom where I was going.
It's OK. I just need you to come
with me. Come with me now. OK?
Oh. my God.
Oh. God.
Run.
Robbie!
Go!
Sidney!
Come on!
The balcony.
There's no other way out?
We can jump.
What? It's two storeys.
Where's your cell?
Oh. here.
Get under the bed.
What?
Do what I say. Get under.
Don't make a sound. don't come out
until I get you. Just trust me. OK?
You got it? You OK?
Jill. run. Just keep running.
Get help!
Hello.
Dewey.
Sidney. where are you?!
I'm at Kirby's.
The Killer is here. I need your help.
I'm on my way.
Oh!
Sidney? Sidney?!
I need all units
to 329 Whispering Lane.
All units. 329 Whispering Lane!
Sorry. It's just me. Look. I tried to
call 911 but the landline's dead.
Someone smashed the router.
I think I got through on my cell.
OK. where's Jill?
Oh. God. Get in. Go. go. go.
There's a room down here.
We can lock ourselves in.
I heard you yelling to Jill.
Did she get away?
I think she's safe.
Kirby. let me in!
Charlie.
No. no. no. I just found Robbie.
This is his blood.
Please. please. There is
someone else out here. Let me in.
If you can't trust him.
don't open the door.
Oh. my God. let me in!
Get away from the door. Charlie.
Kirby. it is me. Please let me in!
Get away from the door. Charlie!
It's me!
I'm sorry. I can't.
What the fuck?
I'm sorry.
Behind you! Look out!
Ohh!
Ohh! No. no. no. no. Please.
Kirby!
Oh. no. God. no. please.
Leave him alone!
It's Charlie's phone.
Tell Sidney
heads are gonna roll tonight.
Tell Sidney it's all because of her.
Or maybe she wants
to take his place?
I promise to be quick.
It's him.
OK. OK.
I"m gonna get Jill.
We should be in the same place.
Just keep him on the phone.
I'll be right back. OK?
Let him go. please.
I hear you like
horror movies. Kirby.
but do you like them as much as him?
Forget watching 'Stab'.
You get to live it.
No. no. no. no. no.
He's the expert. It's not me.
Warm-up question —
Jason's weapon?
Uh. it's a machete.
There. You see?
You do know the genre.
Michael Myers?
Uh. a butcher knife.
Leatherface?
A chainsaw. Please!
Just ask Sidney if you need
some help. Freddy Krueger?
Uh. razor hands.
Name the movie that
started the slasher craze...
'Halloween'.
'Texas Chainsaw Massacre'.
'Last House on the Left'
or 'Psycho'.
'Psycho'.
None of the above!
'Peeping Tom'. 1960.
directed by Michael Powell...
first movie to ever put
the audience in the killer's POV.
What? Wait. No. no. no. no.
Please just ask me
one more question. Just one more.
Alright. Kirby.
Then it's time for your
last-chance question.
Name the remake of the groundbreaking
horror movie
in which the villain...
'Halloween'. 'Texas Chainsaw'.
'Dawn of the Dead".
'The Hills Have Eyes'.
'Amityville Horror'.
'Last House on the Left'.
'Friday the 13th'.
'A Nightmare on Elm Street'.
'My Bloody Valentine'.
'When a Stranger Calls'.
'Prom Night'. 'Black Christmas'.
'House of Wax'. 'The Fog'.
Uh. 'Piranha'.
It's one of those. right? Right?
I got it right. I was fucking right.
Jill?
I won. Charlie. I fucking won.
I won. He tried to beat me.
but I fucking won.
Right. Kirby.
Hold on. OK.
Almost there. Just hang tight.
OK. OK. Alright.
Kirby.
This is making a move.
Ohh!
Four years of classes together.
You notice me now?
You stupid bitch.
It's too late.
Ohh!
Shh. shh. I know. I know.
It's OK. Take your time.
It doesn't happen as fast
as it does in the movies. I know.
Ch...
Charlie. Charlie.
Ohh!
Kirby?
Oh!
You know. you learn a lot when
you watch movies over and over.
All the plots are about
trying to kill you.
Where's Jill?
Oh. you think she's gonna get away?
You think anyone gets away?
Argaht Ohh!
Ohh!
Jill.
Hello. Sidney. Surprised?
Watch this.
This is the part. my dear cousin.
when the cameras.. Turn off.
Charlie...
Already taken care of.
Man. I got great footage
of my Robbie Kill.
better than Jenny and Marnie
or Olivia even.
Good. We'll cut and upload it later
and make it all traceable to Trevor.
Speaking of which...
Remind you of anything?
Jill. please.
Shut up! Dick.
Everything I learned.
I learned from you.
You think you had
a shitty boyfriend. Sidney?
Here's one that fucks you. dumps you
and doesn't even make you famous.
Arggh! What the fuck. Jill?
I loved you!
Shut the fuck up already!
Ohh! Arggh!
I'm sure those cops want you
to have this. Jill. for your protection.
Wait...
Baby. please. Baby. please.
Shouldn't have killed
all those people. Trev.
gone and put it on video even.
but it means a lot
that you did it for me.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I am not the girl you cheat on.
Arggh! Fuck!
I've gone through everything.
We're definitely good on time line.
Oh. yeah. we're perfect.
No. no. no. Please.
Ohh...
That should keep him quiet.
Ready for act three?
Got it figured out yet. Sidney?
In keeping with our remake theme.
Trevor's this generation's
Billy Loomis.
and we"re the innocent victims —
Sidney and Randy.
See. with you. the world just
heard about what happened
but with us. they're gonna see it.
It's gonna be a worldwide sensation.
I mean. people have gotta see this shit.
It's not like anyone reads any more.
We"re gonna know fame
like you never even dreamed of.
Last two teenagers standing.
This time Randy gets the girl.
You were amazing.
You're the perfect victim.
I was so believable today. wasn't I?
I mean. I told so many lies that
I actually started to believe them.
I really think that
I was born for this.
How could you do this?
Do you know what it was like
growing up in this family.
related to you?
I mean. all I ever heard was
“Sidney this” and “Sidney that”
and “Sidney. Sidney. Sidney”.
You were always just
so fucking special!
Well. now I'm the special one.
You'll slip. They always do.
Come on. Charlie.
let's get on with this.
You have to be strong
and hold still. OK?
Yeah. Yeah. old-school.
like Billy and Stu.
Come on. baby. get it up.
Come on.
Shoulder me. shoulder me.
shoulder me. Get it up!
The heart?
That's not the way we rehearsed it.
You said it. Charlie —
Billy and Stu. Trevor and you.
What the media really loves. baby.
IS a sole survivor.
Just ask you know who.
Trevor was your partner.
You — you were the idea man.
Even your friends?
My friends?
What world are you living in?
I don't need friends.
I need fans.
Don't you get it?!
This has never been
about killing you.
It's about becoming you.
I mean. for fuck's sake.
my own mother had to die...
no great loss there —
so I could stay true to the original.
That's sick. right?
Well. sick is the new sane.
You had your 15 minutes.
now I want mine!
I mean. what am I supposed to do?
Go to college. grad school. work?
Look around — we all live in public now.
we're all on the internet.
How do you think people
become famous any more?!
You don't have to achieve anything.
You just gotta have
fucked-up shit happen to you.
So. you do have to die. Sid.
Those are the rules —
new movie. new franchise.
There's only room for one lead
and let's face it.
your ingenue days. they're over.
Don't tell me you didn't know
this day would come.
Oh. fuck!
Come on. let's move it!
He's gone.
Check the rooms both sides
and upstairs.
Yes. ma'am.
Jill. can you give us
a description of the murderer?
Jill. over here.
Jill. what happened in there?
Jill. how does it feel to be a hero?
It's OK. You're gonna be OK.
Jill. you made it.
That's all that matters.
Trevor and Charlie.
they tried to kill me.
And I heard they killed
my mom and...
...and Robbie and Kirby too.
Shh.
Just lay back.
try to rest.
Is... is your wife...?
She's gonna be fine.
She's recovering.
If I ever write a book one day.
I'd want her to write it with me.
We'd be a good team with
our matching wounds and all.
We're survivors now.
I just wish Sidney was too.
Jill... they're not sure yet.
It's still touch and go.
But she's in ICU.
And they think
Sidney just might make it.
What?
But I saw Trevor kill her.
Look. we don't know yet
but she's hanging on.
I... I wanna see her.
She's not awake yet.
And she may not remember anything.
You'll have to help her with that.
All in time.
Just get some rest now. OK?
Your attention. please.
There will be a mandatory meeting
for all non-emergency personnel
in the basement conference room
in five minutes.
...mandatory meeting for
all non-emergency personnel
in the basement conference room
in five minutes.
Is she gonna be OK?
Yeah.
She's a strong kid.
She's gonna have to be.
She asked if you were OK.
She thinks you guys
should write a book together.
with your matching wounds.
Why. she was stabbed
in the shoulder?
How did she know I was too?
Dammit!
You just won't die. will you?
Who are you. Michael fucking Myers?
Yeah. I don't think so.
Fucking die already!
How are those stitches?
Sidney!
Hicks. get up to Sidney Prescott"s room
and call for backup!
Be right up. sir.
Sid.
Dewey.
This how it's gonna be. Sid?
The ending of the movie
was supposed to be at the house.
I mean. this is just... silly.
Consider this an alternate ending.
You're never gonna
get out of this. Jill.
- Of course I will!
- Dewey!
Sid?
Easy. OK. wait.
What about the book?
Looks like I'll just have to
write it myself.
Goddammit!
Don't even think about shooting.
or I'll blow Dewey's head off.
You think I won't do it?
Give me your gun!
- Do it!
- You heard her.
Just had to be the hero. huh?
Give me your gun.
Give it to her.
What are you. deaf?
Give me your gun!
Now get up.
And keep your hands over your head.
Don't do anything stupi...
Don't fucking tell me what to do.
Oh. God.
Now get up. bitch.
OK.
Get up!
Now!
OK.
She's not gonna help you.
Come on.
Neither is he.
Dewey?
Let's go.
Get your skinny ass out here.
OK.
I'm gonna enjoy
blowing your head off.
OK.
But... can I just...
have one final word?
What? 'Please'?
No.
Clear.
'Clear'?
You forgot the first rule
of remakes. Jill...
don't fuck with the original.
Oh. my God. Dewey.
What hit me?
Don't ask.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
She was standing right behind me.
They always are.
Oh. God.
Nice one.
Hicks. you're alive?
Wear the vest. save your chest.
We got two officers down.
several injuries
and a new suspect.
Sheriff? Sheriff?
We need a doctor. goddammit!
I don't know about you
but I feel a whole lot better.
Where the hell is everybody?!
We're live
at Woodsboro Community Hospital
awaiting a first public statement
from Jill Roberts. survivor.
...a survivor of what is now being called
The Woodsboro Massacre Reboot.
Jill Roberts is her name —
a name the whole world will now know.
...who single-handedly put a stop
to this 21st-century
Woodsboro killing spree.
Jill Roberts of Woodsboro. a girl
who's lifted all our spirits tonight.
an American hero
right out of the movies.
4 You better believe in karma
J Baby. it's gonna sting
g The wheel of life's gonna do you in
3 So I don't really
have to do a thing
4 You made me drink the Kool-Aid
4 You tricked me into thinkin'
that Jill means Jack
J You are the fire spawn of the Devil
J But even he ain't
takin' you back. back. back
♪ Yeah. bad karma
J Oh. yeah
♪ Baby. that's what you got
J Bad karma
J Yeah. yeah
♪ Whether you do believe it or not
♪ The universe is gonna getcha
J You'll be scratchin'
the seven-year itch
3 You know what I think?
G Damn!
J Bad karma's a bitch
J Ba. da-da. da. da-da. da-da
♪ Ba. da-da. da. da-da. da
4 You better believe in karma
J Just look at
the sorry shape you're in
♪ There's a doll with your name
and your gloomy face
♪ And the department are doing
a rush on your case
♪ You'd better believe
in voodoo. babe
♪ I got a long list of your sins
♪ There's a word you might have heard
called 'payback'
J And I'm runnin' out of pins
J Bad karma
J Oh. yeah
♪ Baby. that's what you've got
J Bad karma
J Yeah. yeah
♪ Whether you do believe it or not
♪ The universe is gonna getcha
J You'll be scratchin'
the seven-year itch
♪ That's just what I think
g Damn!
J Bad karma's a bitch
J Ba. da-da. da. da-da. da-da
♪ Ba. da-da. da. da-da. da
♪ Bad karma's a bitch
J Ba. da-da. da. da-da. da-da
S Ba. da-da. da. da-da. da. I
♪ I have no sympathy. girl
♪ That's the last you're giving.
I"m sure
♪ All the time I'm trying to
be the man you want me to
J But all I ever get from you
♪ Is silence. silence
J Now I'm on fire
J Out of control
4 I'm on fire
S Out of control
g I'm on fire
and out of control
♪ Oh. stop me now
J Somebody stop me now
♪ S-s-stop me now
J Don't stop me now
J Don't. don't. don't. don't. don't stop
Don't stop. ah!
4 I'm on fire
S Out of control
g I'm on fire
g And out of control. I
♪ And morning comes with a meltdown
♪ This town is needing a shakedown
J We've been burning bridges for hours.
guided by higher powers
♪ And rising up from the edges
J This land is covered with faces
J We've been praying
for someone to lead us
g The end of those who deceive us
J Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J If I was you.
I would run for your life
J Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J If I was you.
I would run for your life
♪ Her face is in every paper
J And may we never forget her
♪ A nation cries together
♪ Hoping to remember
J Look back at roads we have taken
♪ As sleeping giants awaken
J Wasting days till tomorrow
J We'll beg. steal and borrow
J Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J If I was you.
I would run for your life
J Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J If I was you.
I would run for your life
J It's not time to stand in line
J If you want to change this
♪ They'll make the world you measure by
J If you let them take you
♪ And hand you to the darker side
♪ So everything's about you
J It's not the time to stand in line
J Someone has to change this
J Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J If I was you.
I would run for your life
J Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
J Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
g If I was you.
I would run for your life. I
J Well. the devil got my number
♪ And the devil got my size
♪ And the devil got my head
♪ And the devil got my eyes
J I'm-a tryin' hard to get up
lest he make it to my heart
♪ 'Cause I wanna make it back
g From the dark. dark. dark
J A-ha. yeah
A-ha-ha. yeah
J Well. a-ha-ha. yeah
and a-ha-ha. yeah
J A-ha. yeah
A-ha-ha. yeah
♪ A-ha-ha. yeah
A-ha
J It used to be
it was just my house
J And it used to be
it was just my tongue
♪ But the devil's caught on
like the teeth of a shark
3 And I wanna make it back
from the dark. dark. dark
♪ Oh. woe is me indeed
Oh. woe is me indeed
Oh. woe
J See. the devil got my address
See. the devil got my car
J And the devil ain't no novice
J And the devil ain't no liar
J I'm-a tryin' hard to get up
but he made it to my heart
g So I cannot make it back
J From the dark. dark... dark. &